some eck docs moved to security plus IA and landing page updates (#817)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/security.md

To keep your data secured, Elastic offers security features that prevent bad actors from tampering with your data, and encrypt communications to, from, and within your cluster. Regardless of your deployment type, Elastic sets up certain security features for you automatically.

The documentation is organized into three main areas.

* [Secure your orchestrator](security/secure-hosting-environment.md): Setup security in your [{{ece}}](/deploy-manage/security/secure-your-elastic-cloud-enterprise-installation.md) or [{{eck}}](/deploy-manage/security/secure-your-eck-installation.md) installations.
* [Secure your cluster or deployment](./security/secure-your-cluster-deployment.md): Learn about how to manage basic Elastic security features. You’ll also learn how to implement advanced security measures.
* [Secure your clients and integrations](security/secure-clients-integrations.md): Secure communications between your applications and the {{stack}}.

::::{note}
As part of your overall security strategy, you can also do the following:

* Prevent unauthorized access with [password protection and role-based access control](/deploy-manage/users-roles.md).

> * Maintain an [audit trail](/deploy-manage/security/logging-configuration/security-event-audit-logging.md) for security-related events.

Reviewer: this section was pulled in so we don't need to call this out specifically here

```suggestion
```

* Connect a local cluster to a [remote cluster](/deploy-manage/remote-clusters.md) to enable [cross-cluster replication](/deploy-manage/tools/cross-cluster-replication.md) and [cross-cluster search](/solutions/search/cross-cluster-search.md).
* Manage [API keys](/deploy-manage/api-keys.md) used for programmatic access to Elastic.
::::

The availability and configurability of security features vary by deployment type. On every page, you'll see deployment type indicators that show which content applies to specific deployment types. Focus on sections tagged with your deployment type and look for subsections specifically addressing your deployment model.

At the end of this doc, there's also a [comparison table](#comparison-table) showing feature availability and configurability by deployment type.

## Managed security in Elastic Cloud
```yaml {applies_to}
deployment:
  ess: all
serverless: all
```

Elastic Cloud has built-in security. For example, HTTPS communications between Elastic Cloud and the internet, as well as inter-node communications, are secured automatically, and cluster data is encrypted at rest. 

> You can augment Elastic Cloud security features in the following ways:
> * Configure [traffic filtering](./security/traffic-filtering.md) to prevent unauthorized access to your deployments. [Elastic Cloud Hosted]
> * Encrypt your deployment with a [customer-managed encryption key](./security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md). [Elastic Cloud Hosted]
> * [Secure your settings](./security/secure-settings.md) using {{es}} and {{kib}} keystores. [Elastic Cloud Hosted]
> * Use the list of [Elastic Cloud static IPs](./security/elastic-cloud-static-ips.md) to allow or restrict communications in your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {{ech}}, you can augment these security features in the following ways:
* Configure [traffic filtering](./security/traffic-filtering.md) to prevent unauthorized access to your deployments.
* Encrypt your deployment with a [customer-managed encryption key](./security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md).
* [Secure your settings](./security/secure-settings.md) using {{es}} and {{kib}} keystores.
* Use the list of [Elastic Cloud static IPs](./security/elastic-cloud-static-ips.md) to allow or restrict communications in your infrastructure.
```

::::{note}
While serverless projects are fully managed and secured by Elastic, additional security settings are available for you to configure individually for your {{ech}} deployments.

> ::::

Reviewer: I'd drop this note in favor of the edit above / edit that sentence above to mention serverless doesn't have those options

Reviewer: OR:

```suggestion
::::{note}
Serverless projects are fully managed and secured by Elastic, and do not have any configurable security features at the project level.
::::
```

Refer to [Elastic Cloud security](https://www.elastic.co/cloud/security) for more details about Elastic security and privacy programs.

> ## Cluster or deployment security features

Reviewer: I think it's a little confusing not having an orchestrator security section here / a clients + integrations section here. we can do that later.

overall this section is pretty chunky now and we can probably cut it down. again, we can ship this and clean it up later.

The way that TLS certificates are managed depends on your deployment type:

* In self-managed {{es}} clusters, you [manage both of these certificates yourself](./security/secure-cluster-communications.md). You can also [Configure Kibana and Elasticsearch to use mutual TLS](./security/secure-http-communications.md#elasticsearch-mutual-tls).
* In {{ece}}, you can use one or more [proxy certificates](./security/secure-your-elastic-cloud-enterprise-installation/manage-security-certificates.md) to secure the HTTP layer. These certificates are managed at the ECE installation level. Transport-level encryption is managed by ECE and certificates can’t be changed.
* In {{eck}}, you can [manage certificates for the HTTP layer](./security/secure-http-communications.md#k8s-custom-http-certificate). Certificates for the transport layer are managed by ECK and can’t be changed. However, you can set your own certificate authority, customize certificate contents, and provide your own certificate generation tools using [transport settings](./security/k8s-transport-settings.md).

::::{tip}
Elastic Cloud manages TLS certificates for you.
::::

#### Enable cipher suites for stronger encryption

> TBD  - to refine

Reviewer: was wondering about this ... do you think these pages should be moved out of the tls section?

Author: Probably that specific sectin should be removed from the overview, yes, as it's not a very common configuration use case, and it doesn't add much benefit. We can do it in a next PR to finalize the overview.

Refer to [](./security/enabling-cipher-suites-for-stronger-encryption.md) for more details.
(These cipher_suites settings are used for a bunch of different auth realms as well as http/transport layer)

### Restrict connections using traffic filtering
```yaml {applies_to}
deployment:
  ess: all
  ece: all
  eck: all
  self: all
```

[Traffic filtering](./security/traffic-filtering.md) allows you to limit how your deployments can be accessed. Add another layer of security to your installation and deployments by restricting inbound traffic to only the sources that you trust.

* For all deployment types, you can configure [IP-based traffic filters](./security/ip-traffic-filtering.md).

* For Elastic Cloud Hosted, you can also configure [private link traffic filters](./security/private-link-traffic-filters.md).

* For {{eck}}, you can use [Kubernetes network policies](./security/k8s-network-policies.md).

### Allow or deny Elastic Cloud IP ranges

> ```yaml {applies_to}
> serverless: all
> deployment:
>   ess: all
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```yaml {applies_to}
deployment:
  ess: all
```
```

[Learn more about Elastic Cloud static IPs](./security/elastic-cloud-static-ips.md).

### Manage Kibana sessions
```yaml {applies_to}
deployment:
  ess: all
  ece: all
  eck: all
  self: all
```

Control the timeout and lifespan of logged-in sessions to Kibana, as well as the number of concurrent sessions each user can have.

[Learn more about {{kib}} session management](./security/kibana-session-management.md).

### Encryption at rest
```yaml {applies_to}
serverless: all
deployment:
  ess: all
```

By default, Elastic Cloud already encrypts your deployment data, project data, and snapshots at rest.

If you’re using Elastic Cloud Hosted, then you can reinforce this mechanism by providing your own encryption key, also known as [Bring Your Own Key (BYOK)](./security/encrypt-deployment-with-customer-managed-encryption-key.md).

::::{note}
Other deployment types don’t implement encryption at rest out of the box. For self-managed clusters, to implement encryption at rest, the hosts running the cluster must be configured with disk-level encryption, such as `dm-crypt`. In addition, snapshot targets must ensure that data is encrypted at rest as well.

> Configuring `dm-crypt` or similar technologies is outside the scope of this document, and issues related to disk encryption are outside the scope of support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring `dm-crypt` or similar technologies is outside the scope of this documentation, and issues related to disk encryption are outside the scope of support.
```
